_Note: As of June 2018, this code is unmaintained.  It was originally written
starting in 2011, which is an eternity ago in user-interface terms.  Today, GWT
is basically dead as a user interface development framework, making this code
mostly irrelevant.  Besides that, the Santa Exchange backend no longer works
with the most recent Java 8 API for Google AppEngine, so as of January 2019,
there won't even be any infrastructure on which it will run.  I don't have the
time or the motivation to fix it, so it remains here as a historical example._

---

This is the SantaExchange demonstration project.  It is a GWT web site written
to be deployed on Google App Engine (GAE).  The home page for this project is:

    https://github.com/cedarsolutions/santa-exchange

A "Secret Santa" exchange is a party where people get together to exchange
surprise gifts.  The gift assignments are secret, and the gifts are usually
fairly small.  This application helps you organize a Secret Santa exchange and
sends out email invitations to participants.

This project is managed by Gradle, and gets most of its dependencies from
Maven.  You do not need the Google Plugin for Eclipse (GPE) installed to work
with this code, although having GPE installed makes it easier for you to test.
You can run the App Engine through Eclipse and use the debugger, etc.

Revision control for this project does not include any Eclipse project files.
Instead, those files are generated by gradle.  Install Gradle and then
execute:

    gradle eclipse

This will create all of the files, and then you'll be able to import the
project into Eclipse.

The build scripts are written for Gradle 2, and will not work with Gradle 1
due to an interface change.  The initial conversion from Gradle 1 to Gradle 2
was done in July 2015 using Gradle 2.5.  I think any version after 2.5 should
also work:

    Project homepage: http://www.gradle.org/
    Download: https://gradle.org/gradle-download/

Look in the doc directory or the GitHub wiki for additional documentation,
including credits, etc.
